Update the v3 tutorial to use Studio Sandbox instead of GraphiQL (#3495)
apollographql/apollo-android: docs/source/tutorial/00-introduction.mdx

* [ViewBinding](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/view-binding), [Navigation Component](https://developer.android.com/guide/navigation/navigation-getting-started), [ConstraintLayout](https://developer.android.com/training/constraint-layout) and [RecyclerView](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/layout/recyclerview).
* [Coil](https://github.com/coil-kt/coil) for image loading.

> To focus its scope, this tutorial uses a starter project available at [https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-android-3-tutorial](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-android-3-tutorial) so you can focus on the GraphQL parts.

Reviewer: I'm not sure "to focus its scope" is a correct expression?  Alternative proposal below. Feel free to dismiss if it was correct.

```suggestion
To focus on the important parts, this tutorial uses a starter project available at [https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-android-3-tutorial](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-android-3-tutorial) so you don't have to deal with project setup and boilerplate.
```
